I would like to think that my baron
calls and the success of my baron calls
in our stream and Kyle in my stream is
something that our our coaches are
watching and are looking to pull from
well I'm here at the echo fox roster day
and I'm apologized you know it's always
hard fitting me and rec into the same
shot so you got the chair you get the
tall chair you're level I want to get on
Travis gaffers oh there we go yes there
we go many people do many people try to
find their way onto my level No
so we were talking actually it was funny
at that moment during the roster day
opening ceremony opening conference
where you guys we were talking about how
just two years ago you were you know
watching CLG at Madison Square Garden
now you've got all these different teams
here such a huge day what does the
experience been like for you over the
past couple of years with all this stuff
you know how did you get to this point
well you've you've been along really
since the beginning and I thought you
were trying to make me cry there when
you brought all that up but it was a
great memory it was a great memory to
think back to how all of this started to
find myself in partnership with this guy
right here you guys can't see who knees
behind us here as always bringing a lot
of joy to the to the room but yeah it
started as a just simply a celebration
of eSports and a celebration of a team
at CLG that my son and I were fans of
and connected he and I and after that
championship in Madison Square Garden we
we all went to dinner and I got a chance
to get a little deeper into an
understanding of what it meant to be a
league of Legends organization to be an
owner in League of Legends to be players
and and to have that excellence that
these guys you know play with and I left
there really just only looking to
continue as a fan but it grew into
something more than that pretty quickly
and like I said two years is a short
amount of time but to be here now
heading into the 2018 na LCS season and
looking to compete for the playoffs and
to go off the worlds is really a good
feeling now obviously you've spent a lot
of time building up this whole thing I'm
very curious is there a chance that
you've done all this just so that you
can further your own career as a player
because I've seen your stream and it
looks like you're trying to progress no
I mean so what you were this was your
streaming debut you're League of Legends
debut how did all that come about well
you know really it's sneaking up on me
and I think I've been found out that the
the professional in me is looking to
have a comeback somewhere I thought
initially League might be my best chance
but my coach Kyle Fox my son is
struggling with you know getting me to
reach a level of peak performance quite
yet but I do still enjoy myself you know
what I do finally get I've watched hours
on end and I've been in the coach's room
watching and breaking down watching them
break down film of our players and in
the last few years and breaking down
other teams so I have an understanding
of the game but as for the mechanics and
playing the game obviously to be a pro
takes you know an exactly an exorbitant
of time and an exceptional amount of
skill and talent which I don't possessed
possessed but I do love the game so even
just trying to get better in my own
quest to 30 which now I know they've
uncapped everything and you can go to
infinity and you're leveling for me it
really just started off spending time
with Kyle again you know playing the
game we love that brought us closer and
his really you know created all of this
and and then also I just had my own
personal goal to get to 30 and if at
every Ching level 30 leads me to where I
can now get ranked the most exciting
story line I think of LCS this year will
you be coaching the LCS team on their
barren calls because I've noticed that
barren barren calls are your forte so is
that gonna be an aspect of this for you
I would like to think that my barren
calls and the success of my barren calls
in our stream and Kyle in my stream is
something that our coaches are watching
and are looking to pull from
have you I have a really unique timing
basically my theory behind Baron calling
is you just yell Baron out all game long
whether Baron is up or not whether it's
20 minutes or not you then you start to
yell elder dragon even if the other
dragons not there but look you just
always have to keep one eye on a dragon
or Baron and one eye on on you know your
laning phase and which I still struggle
with but but I blame kolobok I blame him
for everything he's my coach and my he's
my support and I always say I'm an ABC
not an ADC because I'm in the ABCs of
becoming an actual ADC but we have fun I
think it's fun for everyone to watch I
kind of going back so you you guys we
haven't had a chance to talk since your
team got officially admitted into the
LCS following the franchise situation
what was that whole experience like for
you was there any nervousness on your
end you know how did that whole process
go it was it was nerve-wracking and at
times even extremely difficult cuz you
had to keep a secret for a while too and
not everyone's good to keep his secrets
but especially when you have such joy
about getting in and then you have to
wait to you know to share that news but
in also then just a realization of you
made it in above and beyond
long-standing people individuals that
have been around professional sports for
years that have tried to get into a
league and so it was really a blessing
it was a it was a lot of hard work on
behalf of a lot of people here in this
organization to to make the case for us
to be worthy but it really took the
trust of ride I think and the other nine
teams that they thought they put
together 19 but 10 teams that they
thought could work together as one even
though we compete extremely hard against
each other in game and on the weekends
we battle it out we talk a lot of trash
amongst ourselves but then at the same
time we want this league to grow not
only in the ndaa atmosphere but also you
know globally as as the LCS Carosa well
one of the things that is interesting to
me is that obviously we saw teams like
Golden State Warriors get involved I'm
Square Garden themselves came in but
looking your team it is a like
hodgepodge of individuals from all sorts
of different areas of sports right and
even down to your investment partners so
is that strategic on your end is that
just sort of a sign of the times that
you've got people across many different
sports that are interested in this I
mean how how does echo fox sort of hit
this point well so much of our our
expression of our organization when it
comes to you know the sports
representation when you have additional
a list partners it does it takes on a
sporting conversation but we also have
partners I think you'll learn in a near
future that come from other fields that
are Titans in their own industry that we
will announce in the coming weeks so it
is it's grown out of really just request
for those that understand how to build
excellence and to be excellent partners
and we want to service our partners we
want to service this industry we want to
be leaders that helped us grow to a
place where we look back and and we're
telling more stories like you told at
the start about you know being back in
Madison Square Garden and and then a
dinner at AU and and we can look back 10
years from now and think about you know
there was franchising and look what it's
lead it's led to now you know more teams
and greater awareness and and you will
you and I would have been a part of that
yeah very very good hey is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the echo fox fans as you go into this
year and kind of reflect on getting into
the LCS and all all the stuff that goes
along with that said watch you ask that
question at the end of your interviews
for a few years now and it was so new to
me to hear a reporter share the stage
with the person he was interviewing to
give them the mic that way and it was
always out I had the I had to get
comfortable with that watching because
it was like what's the person gonna say
to the fans and and and I and I knowing
that you were gonna do that and come
with any prepared words but I just it
always made me think it's very generous
of you first of all and it's unique to
you which is pretty cool and so to I
guess to our fans or echo Fox fans here
at the top of
18 the eSports season is upon us we are
less than seven days away from the start
of the NA LCS we you know what I want to
say to them is change is something
that's constant in life and it's
something that we cannot control always
something we have to kind of roll with
right we roll with change and at the
start is year I I want to look back and
really acknowledge the people that have
been behind this org in the office side
of things in front of the org as actual
pros some of them we've said goodbye to
who we will cheer for and root for and
want the best for them going forward I
accept when they play echo fox obviously
but we want to wish them well and we
want to know today we want them to know
they've had a huge part of of what this
is grown to and and that also then leads
to you guys the fans that support us
because you've grown and trusted that
what we're committed to here is
something of value you've spent your
time your energy in supporting us your
money to buy our merchandise to tickets
to come see us play you're investing
your lives in in what we do and so for
that we are indebted and grateful we
hope we make you proud we hope you
continue to support us we hope you just
continue to support eSports in general
though because as you see some of these
guys walking by who I'm gonna go take a
photo with our new LCS guys they're in
the future of eSports in general they
are pros turning into professionals
they're the guys they're the men and
women will look back on and I don't know
Travis in 10-15 years and we'll think of
the legends that you know started this
all and and it's because you guys love
them and you support and when you
celebrate them and we thank you for it
thank you so much for the interview
always a pleasure for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
hey guys Travis still has me under a
contract for like the next five minutes
it's it's more like slavery indentured
servitude where I have to record an
outro for him so you can go support him
at Travis gaffur dot-com slash support
and hopefully buy out my contract
save me thank you